Update Webhook node docs (#847)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.respondToWebhook.md

# Respond to Webhook

> The *Respond to Webhook* node allows controlling the response to incoming webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Respond to Webhook node allows you to control the response to incoming webhooks.
```

> This node can be used in workflows with a [Webhook node](/integrations/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.webhook/){:target="_blank"}. To do this, in the Webhook node select the option **Using 'Respond to Webhook' node** from the **Response** operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this node in workflows with a [Webhook node](/integrations/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.webhook/){:target="_blank"}. To do this, in the Webhook node select the option **Using 'Respond to Webhook' node** from the **Response** operation.
```

!!! note "Expressions"

>     When using [expressions](/code-examples/expressions/){:target="_blank"}, the Respond to Webhook node will only run for the first item in the input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using [expressions](/code-examples/expressions/){:target="_blank"}, the Respond to Webhook node only runs for the first item in the input data.
```

## Node reference

The Respond to Webhook node has several required parameters and additional options.

### Main parameters

The node has a **Respond With** parameter that supports the following modes:

> - **First Incoming Item** — Respond with the first incoming item's JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **First Incoming Item** - Respond with the first incoming item's JSON.
```

> - **Text** — Respond with a text defined in the **Response Body** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Text** - Respond with the text defined in the **Response Body** field.
```

> - **JSON** — Respond with a JSON object defined in the **Response Body** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **JSON** - Respond with a JSON object defined in the **Response Body** field.
```

> - **Binary** — Respond with a binary file defined in the **Response Data Source** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Binary** - Respond with a binary file defined in the **Response Data Source** field.
```

> - **No Data** — Don't send a response payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No Data** - Don't send a response payload.
```

### Optional parameters

The node has the following options:

> - **Response Code** — Set the [response code](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status){:target="_blank" .external} to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Response Code** - Set the [response code](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status){:target="_blank" .external} to be used.
```

> - **Response Headers** — Define the response headers to be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Response Headers** - Define the response headers to send.
```

## Workflow behavior

Workflows that include this node behave as follows:

- If a workflow has two Respond to Webhook nodes, and the second node is executed after the first one, the second node is ignored.
- When the workflow finishes without executing the Respond to Webhook node, a standard message is returned with a 200 status.
- If the workflow errors before the first Respond to Webhook node gets executed, an error message is returned with a 500 status.
- If there is no webhook set up, the Respond to Webhook node node is ignored in the execution.

## Example usage

> [This workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/1306){:target="_blank"} serves an HTML page when a GET request is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[This workflow](https://n8n.io/workflows/1306){:target="_blank"} serves an HTML page in response to a GET request.
```

### 1. Webhook node

This node triggers the workflow when it receives incoming requests (for example, when the webhook URL is opened in a browser).

1. In the **Path** field, enter a human-readable value (for example, `my-form`).
2. From the **Respond** dropdown list, select **Using 'Respond to Webhook' node**.
3. Click on **Execute Node** to run the node.
4. In a new browser tab, open the URL shown in the **Test URL** field under **Webhook URLs**.

### 2. Respond to Webhook node

This node defines the response to the request received in the previous step.

1. From the **Respond With** dropdown list, select **Text**.
2. In the **Response Body** field, enter the HTML code for the page you want to display (for example, the [Bootstrap Starter template](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/#starter-template){:target="_blank" .external}).
3. Select **Add Option** > **Response Headers** > **Add Response Header** to add a header to the response with the following values:
   - **Name:** `Content-Type`
   - **Value:** `text/html; charset=UTF-8`

> 4. Close the *Respond to Webhook* modal and click on **Execute Workflow**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Close the **Respond to Webhook** modal and click on **Execute Workflow**.
```

Reviewer: Should this be two steps? You close the modal, then click execute?

> 5. Open the **Test URL** from the *Webhook* node in a new browser tab. The browser should now show the page defined in the **Response Body** field of the Respond to Webhook node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open the **Test URL** from the Webhook node in a new browser tab. The browser should now show the page defined in the **Response Body** field of the Respond to Webhook node.
```
